<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">

<head>
    <meta charset="utf-8" />
    <title>FINAL GRID CONNECTIVITY</title>
    <style>
        body {
            font-family: Arial, sans-serif;
            line-height: 1.3;
        }

        table {
            width: 100%;
            border-collapse: collapse;
            border: 2px solid black;
        }

        th, td {
            padding: 10px;
        }

        .header {
            text-align: center;
        }

        .content {
            text-align: justify;
        }

        dl dd {
            margin: 2px 0px 2px 20px;
        }

        .recipient-info {
            text-align: left;
        }

        table.gc-table-header th {
            width: 200px;
            text-align: left;
        }

        .signature,
        .date {
            text-align: right;
        }
    </style>
</head>

<body>
    <div class="header">
        <h3>MAHARASHTRA STATE ELECTRICITY TRANSMISSION CO. LTD.</h3>
        <p>CIN No.: U40109MH2005SGC153646</p>
    </div>

    <table class="gc-table-header">
        <tr>
            <th valign="top">Name of Office</th>
            <td valign="top"><b>:</b></td>
            <td valign="top"><b><i> Chief Engineer (State Transmission Utility)</i></b></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th valign="top">Office Address</th>
            <td valign="top"><b>:</b></td>
            <td align="justify">4th floor, 'A'wing, Prakashganga, MSETCL, Plot C -19, E - Block,BKC, Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th>Contact No</th>
            <td><b>:</b></td>
            <td>(O) 022 - 26595176, (P) 26595175</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th>Email Id</th>
            <td><b>:</b></td>
            <td>cestu@mahatransco.in</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th>Website</th>
            <td><b>:</b></td>
            <td>www.mahatransco.in</td>
        </tr>
    </table>
    <div class="date">
        <p><b>Date : {{Date}}</b></p>
    </div>
    <div class="header">
        <h2><u><i>FINAL GRID CONNECTIVITY</i></u></h2>
    </div>
    <div class="recipient-info">
        <p>To,</p>
        <p><b>{{SPV_Name}}</b><br /> {{Add_correspondence}}</p>
    </div>
    <div class="content">
        <p><b>Sub :.</b>{{Subject}}</p>
        <p>Dear Sirs,</p>
        <p>{{MsgData}}</p>
        <p>Now, you have informed that the works are completed and requested this office to issue Final Grid Connectivity for the said Solar Power Park. Further, you have submitted documents through SWP. Further, the Chief Engineer (MSLDC) has confirmed the real time data visibility at MSLDC in respect of said Solar Power Park.</p>
        <p>{{MsgData2}}</p>
        <p>You have to complete AMR integration at MSLDC end for said Solar Project at the earliest and till that time the data will be submitted manually to MSLDC by you as per MSLDC’s requirement. Also, please note that, after completion of AMR works in all respect, Certificate from the Chief Engineer (MSLDC), Airoli, Navi Mumbai, towards confirmation of AMR facility integration control center at MSLDC for said Solar Project should be submitted to this office accordingly. Further, please note that this Final Grid connectivity shall be governed by the following clauses of MERC (Transmission Open Access) Regulations, 2016:</p>
        <p><i><b>Please note that, this final grid connectivity is issued subject to following conditions:</b></i></p>
        <dl>
            <dt><b>a) Clause No. 6.5 of MERC (Transmission Open Access) Regulations, 2016:</b></dt>
            <dd>&ldquo;The grant of Connectivity shall not by itself entitle an Applicant to interchange any power through Open Access unless it obtains approval for Open Access in accordance with these Regulations.&rdquo;</dd>
            <dt><b>b) Clause No. 6.6 of MERC (Transmission Open Access) Regulations, 2016:</b></dt>
            <dd>&ldquo;A Generating Station which has been granted Connectivity to the Intra-state Transmission System shall be permitted by MSLDC, subject to grid security considerations, to undertake testing, including full-load testing, by injecting infirm power into the grid before its commercial operation and prior to availing Open Access.&rdquo;</dd>
            <dt><b>c) Clause No. 8.11 of MERC (Transmission Open Access) Regulations, 2016:</b></dt>
            <dd>&ldquo;The Nodal Agency shall grant Medium-term Open Access or Short-term Open Access if the resultant power flow can be accommodated in the existing transmission system or the transmission system under execution.&rdquo;</dd>
            <dt><b>d) Clause No. 9.1 of MERC (Transmission Open Access) Regulations, 2016:</b></dt>
            <dd>&ldquo;The Specific source of supply or destination of off-take, as the case may be, shall be intimated to the Nodal Agency at least three years prior to the intended date of availing Long-term Open Access, or such other period estimated by the nodal Agency as required for augmentation of the Transmission System, whichever is lesser.&rdquo;</dd>
            <dd>Provided also that where there is any change in location of either the drawal point or the injection or an increase of more than ten percent in the quantum of power for open Access using the InSTS, a fresh application shall be made.</dd>
        </dl>
        <p>It is requested to approach the Chief Engineer, State Load Dispatch Centre, Thane – Belapur Road, Airoli, Navi Mumbai – 400708, for synchronization of the said Solar Power Park.</p>
        <p>Further, it is requested to intimate the date and time of synchronization of the said 20MW Solar Power Park with the Grid to this office without fail.</p>
        <p>Thanking you.</p>
    </div>

    <div class="signature">
        <p>Yours Faithfully,</p>
        <p>{{EMP_NAME}}</p>
        <b>Chief Engineer (STU)</b>
    </div>
</body>

</html>